NMS-10393: There is no documentation on the instrumentation log reader (#4788)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/webui/log-reader.adoc

[[log-statistics]]
= Instrumentation Log Reader

The instrumentation log reader provides information on how long data collection takes for each node in the system, and which nodes are taking the most time.

> You can view this information in the Instrumentation Log Statistics UI (menu:Gears icon[Additional Tools>Instrumentation Log Reader].

Reviewer: missing closing parenthesis
```suggestion
You can view this information in the Instrumentation Log Statistics UI (menu:Gears icon[Additional Tools>Instrumentation Log Reader]).
```

Author: Argh! Good catch!

> The instrumentation log reader requires instrumentation logs produced with a DEBUG level.

Reviewer: The instrumentation log is defaulted to INFO, which is enough to provide data.

Author: Thanks. The wiki content was more of a spec. Must have changed in the actual development.

> By default, the instrumentation log level is INFO.
> The instrument log reader reads each line of the file to determine the time at which events took place during data collection, and uses that information to compute the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reader parses through the `instrumentation.log` file generated by Collectd.
Each line of the file is analyzed to determine the time at which events took place during data collection, and uses that information to compute the following information:
```
